Customize Directions Client in CarPlayManager. (#1834)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

## master

> * Added the ability to specify a custom directions client to be used by the CarPlayManager. ([#1834](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/1834/))

Reviewer: This will end up being overwritten by #1836 anyways, but what the hey:

```suggestion
* Renamed `CarPlayManager(_:)` to `CarPlayManager(directions:eventsManager:)`, allowing you to pass in a custom `Directions` object to use when calculating routes. ([#1834](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/1834/))
```
